Updating Distributions UI section in Assigning Tags (#5228)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tagging/assigning_tags.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Distribution Metrics" %}}

> Create percentile aggregations within [Distribution Metrics][1] by applying a whitelist of up to 10 tags to a metric, for which a timeseries is created for every potentially queryable combination of tag values. For more information on counting custom metrics/timeseries emitted from distribution metrics, see [2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create percentile aggregations within [Distribution Metrics][1] by applying a whitelist of up to ten tags to a metric -  this creates a timeseries for every potentially queryable combination of tag values. For more information on counting custom metrics and timeseries emitted from distribution metrics, see [Custom Metrics][2].
```
